README.md, before:

# [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/) - [Landing Page](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/)

[Landing Page](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/) is a multipurpose landing page template for [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) created by [Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/).

## Getting Started

To begin using this template, choose one of the following options to get started:
* [Download the latest release on Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/)
* Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page.git`
* Fork the repo

## Bugs and Issues

Have a bug or an issue with this template? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page/issues) here on GitHub or leave a comment on the [template overview page at Start Bootstrap](http://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/).

## Creator

Start Bootstrap was created by and is maintained by **[David Miller](http://davidmiller.io/)**, Owner of [Blackrock Digital](http://blackrockdigital.io/).

* https://twitter.com/davidmillerskt
* https://github.com/davidtmiller

Start Bootstrap is based on the [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) framework created by [Mark Otto](https://twitter.com/mdo) and [Jacob Thorton](https://twitter.com/fat).

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2016 Blackrock Digital LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

updated readme with FYI, attribution, and resources

README.md, after:

# French Embassy Hackathon Series

This repo hosts the content for the [French Embassy Hackathon Series: Ed Hack 2017 site](http://www.frenchedhack.com/). 

The French Embassy Hackathon Series is a French Embassy in the US initiative in partnership with Zach Thomas and myself to encourage Franco-US integration, particularly in education. The series consists of two hackathons. The first event focuses on student mobility, and the second emphasizes improving US schools through French immersion programs.

Developers, data scientists, and UX designers of all ages and experience levels are encouraged to attend one or both events. All participants will be invited to attend a celebratory reception taking place at the French Embassy.

# Bootstrap

This site is _probably_ the closest one could come to making a website with as few of edits to a Bootstrap template as possible. The site is a near clone of Bootstrap's [Landing Page Theme](https://startbootstrap.com/template-overviews/landing-page/).

Credits and thanks to the creators of the template [Mark Otto](https://twitter.com/mdo) and [Jacob Thorton](https://twitter.com/fat). Thanks to [David Miller](http://davidmiller.io/) of [Blackrock Digital](http://blackrockdigital.io/) for maintaining [Start Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/).

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2016 Blackrock Digital LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-landing-page/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.

# Useful Getting Started Resources

I'm an educator. I found these resources useful when creating a Bootstrap page using Github Pages. You will too:

- High level Github Pages overview [link](http://jmcglone.com/guides/github-pages/)
- Video walkthrough creating a static site without even using the terminal (but you should learn git in the terminal) [link](http://dougbelshaw.com/blog/2015/01/04/github-pages/)
- Configuring your DNS for your custom domain, Namecheap specific [link](http://abdelraoof.com/blog/2014/09/20/configuring-namecheap-dns-for-github/)
- Troubleshooting custom domains from Github help [link](https://help.github.com/articles/troubleshooting-custom-domains/)
- Getting free stock photos for your site on Pixabay [link](https://pixabay.com/) and 13 others [link](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/238646)
